The ancient old city of Jerusalem is less than a square kilometer in size,
but squeezed into its four quarters are more than forty thousand christians, jews, muslims and armenians.
Who all call this home.
Israel's National Emergency Rescue Service, Magan David Adom, has a big challenge reaching those who need urgent help.
Because no ambulance can negotiate the narrow streets and stairs in much of the city.
Mda has met the challenge with a specially designed all-terrain vehicle.
Affectionately known as a mule.
To bring emergency aid and transport to everyone in need.
The mule currently in use has been working around the clock for six years.
And is nearing the end of its mechanical life.
That's why we're a Jerusalem channel.
A launching a humanitarian appeal for 2021.
to raise the funds for a new rescue mule.
Our target is $37,150.
Or in pounds, that's 27,300.
In euros, 30,200.
So, if you'd like to bless Israel,
And in a practical way support all the families of the old city.
Please consider making a gift.
Through our website
Mobile app or by mail.
Thank you!